New CharactersVersion 1
"Childe" Tartaglia (5-Star Hydro Bow)
"Kätzlein Cocktail" Diona (4-Star Cryo Bow)
"Vago Mundo" Zhongli (5-Star Geo Polearm)
"Blazing Riff" Xinyan (4-Star Pyro Claymore)
New WeaponsVersion 1
Memory of Dust (5-Star Catalyst)
Vortex Vanquisher (5-Star Polearm)
The Unforged (5-Star Claymore)
Royal Spear (4-Star Polearm)
Event Wishes
Phase 1:
Farewell of Snezhnaya (Tartaglia & Diona)
Phase 2:
Gentry of Hermitage (Zhongli & Xinyan)
New Quests
New Archon Quest
Chapter 1: Act III - A New Star Approaches
New Story Quests
Monoceros Caeli Chapter: Act I - Mighty Cyclops' Adventure!
Historia Antiqua Chapter: Act I - Sal Flore (Available Later)
New World Quests
The Adventurers' Guild's Affairs
Necessary Procedures
Words Worth Their Weight in Mora
Changchang's Little Friend
The Secret of Nantianmen
An Ode to Yonder City
Endless Research
Knight of the Realm
New Events
Unreconciled Stars
Baptism of Song
Gliding Challenge
While It's Warm
New Systems
City Reputation SystemVersion 1
New Gadgets from City Reputation System
Anemoculus Resonance Stone
Geoculus Resonance Stone
NRE (Menu 30)
Wind Catcher
Portable Waypoint
Condensed Resin
Adepti Seeker's Stove
Anemo Treasure Compass
Geo Treasure Compass
New City Features from City Reputation System
Mining Outcrop Search
Merchant Discounts
New Namecard Styles from City Reputation System
Mondstadt - Hero's Fame
Mondstadt - Blessing
Liyue - A Thousand Ships
Liyue - In the Clouds
New Recipes from City Reputation System
Northern Apple Stew
Adventurer's Breakfast Sandwich
Moon Pie
Golden Shrimp Balls
Lotus Flower Crisp
Tianshu Meat
New Wind Gliders from City Reputation System
Wings of Azure Wind
Wings of Golden Flight
Version 1
Exploration Progress System
Archive System
Character Archive System
New Recipes
Triple-Layered Consommé
Bamboo Shoot Soup
New Achievements
Challenger - Series II
New Harvestable Resources
Bamboo Shoot
Golden Loach
New Monster
Unusual Hilichurl
Settings
Added customization options for keyboard and controller
New customization options added to Settings > Graphics
Volumetric Fog
Reflections, Bloom
Crowd Density
Co-Op Teammate Effects.
New options added to Settings > Other
Combat Camera Settings
Default Camera Distance.
System
Added an Equipment Locking function. Locked equipment cannot be used for enhancement or refinement.
A Report function has been added to Co-Op Mode
Adds a feature to weapon/artifact enhancement screen that displays item descriptions for items added as enhancement materials.
During weapon enhancement, surplus EXP is now returned in the form of weapon enhancement materials (previously, surplus EXP was lost).
Characters dispatched on expeditions are no longer out-of-action. They can be added to your party as usual.
Monsters
Optimizes destination selection logic for Geovishap Hatchlings and Whopperflowers when tunneling during combat near bodies of water.
System
Optimizes how equipped items are displayed: Artifacts and weapons now display the equipping character's avatar.
Optimizes categorization in the "Bosses" tab in the Adventurer Handbook: Bosses are no longer categorized by region, but by monster type.
Optimizes inventory capacity display: Removed load limit and replaced with Inventory slots. Slots are divided into 3 categories — 2,000 for weapons, 1,000 for artifacts, and 2,000 for other materials. Identical materials will still stack in the same slot. When all Inventory slots in a given category are full, no more items in that category can be acquired and you will have to clear some slots.
Increases Original Resin limit from 120 to 160.
Other
Reduces Origin Resin consumption requirement in the Battle Pass Weekly Missions from 1,600 to 1,200.
Amends the banner for the standard wish "Wanderlust Invocation." (Wish contents and rules remain the same, only the Wish banner has been amended.)
Adjusts the unlock criteria of the story quest "Astrolabos Chapter: Act I." To unlock this quest, players must now first complete the story quest "Trifolium Chapter: Act I."
Adjusts the names of some achievements.
"Adjusts the reward eligibility for Pre-Registration Rewards and 10 Million Global Pre-Registrations Reward: removes the original restrictions on eligibility
The new eligibility criteria for claiming Pre-Registration Rewards: there are no restrictions.
The new eligibility criteria for claiming 10 Million Global Pre-Registrations Reward: Adventure Rank 10 or above.
Travelers who meet the new eligibility criteria can claim the rewards distributed via in-game mail. (Travelers who already claimed these rewards will not receive them again.)"
Quests
Fixes an issue whereby Branch Master Cyrus of the Mondstadt Adventurers' Guild may not appear correctly, meaning that the corresponding World Quest cannot proceed properly.
Fixes an issue with the Story Quest "Mondstadt Glider" whereby quest progress may not advance as expected under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue with the Story Quest "Master's Day Off" whereby Jean may not appear correctly inside her office at the Knights of Favonius headquarters.
Fixes an issue with the Story Quest "Sara's Worries" whereby the item submission screen may not display properly.
Fixes an issue with the Archon Quest "Venti's New Plan" whereby the chest in the Cathedral basement may not open.
Fixes an issue with the Archon Quest "Chasing Shadows" whereby it may not be possible to obtain the quest item.
Fixes an issue with the World Quest "Treasure Lost, Treasure Found" whereby investigating the strange jade plate may cause problems with quest progress.
Fixes an issue in the World Quest "After the Storm" whereby Crystal Ore may not refresh properly in the quest.
Fixes an issue with the World Quest "Old Tastes Die Hard" whereby quest progress may not advance as expected.
Fixes an issue with the World Quest "A Quiet Day in Liyue Harbor" whereby dialog with Bolai may not trigger properly.
Fixes an issue with the World Quest "Break the Sword Cemetery Seal" whereby activating an elemental monument may not remove the seal.
Fixes an issue with the World Quest "Break the Sword Cemetery Seal" whereby the chest may not appear after completing the quest.
Fixes an issue with the World Quest "A Fine Opportunity?" whereby quest progress may not advance as expected.
Fixes an issue with the commission "One Ship, Two Ships, Three Ships..." whereby an error may occur with submission.
Fixes an issue with the commission "Pigeons Go AWOL" whereby Draff may disappear.
Fixes an issue with the commission "Dangerous Haul" whereby monsters' item drops are not as expected.
Domains
Fixes an issue with the Domain "Stormterror Confrontation" whereby the character may become stuck after Stormterror collapses.
Fixes an issue with the Domain "Stormterror Confrontation" whereby the AoE of Stormterror's dragon breath skill is incorrect.
Fixes an issue with the Domain "Stormterror Confrontation" whereby the character may slowly descend when climbing onto Stormterror.
Fixes an issue with the Domain "The Reward for Courage is Flight" whereby the quest instructions may not appear properly.
Fixes an issue in Character trial stages whereby players may be unable to exit the stage.
Fixes an issue in domains whereby certain Cryo skills may incorrectly cause multiple rounds of DMG to characters.
Co-Op
Fixes an issue in Co-Op Mode whereby players are unable to switch characters after the current character has fallen.
Fixes an issue in Co-Op Mode whereby Ruin Guards' HP may be affected after other players join the session.
Fixes an issue in Co-Op Mode whereby after completing a Ley Line Blossom challenge, players are not prompted to claim the reward under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue in Co-Op Mode whereby if removed from the team while on the Wish screen, things may not appear correctly after returning to the world.
Fixes an issue whereby when there are two Monas in a Co-Op team and both cast the Elemental Burst "Stellaris Phantasm" simultaneously, "Illusory Bubble" may only take effect once.
Fixes an issue whereby the duration of food effects may not function as intended after leaving Co-Op Mode.
Fixes an issue affecting some characters in Co-Op Mode whereby the same Talent effect incorrectly stacks if multiple players have the same character in their party.
Fixes an issue affecting some characters in Co-Op Mode whereby if multiple players use the same effect of the same character on the enemy, the effect may not refresh.
Gameplay
Fixes an issue whereby the achievements "Friends, Travelers, Lend Me Your Ears..." and "Once Upon a Time..." may not be possible to complete.
Fixes an issue with Shrines of Depths whereby the chests may not display properly.
Fixes an issue of some chests having the wrong status.
Monsters
Fixes an issue whereby combat may forcibly end if a non-flying monster spends a long time suspended in mid-air.
Fixes an issue with Oceanids whereby the models of their summoned entities may disappear.
Fixes an issue with Cryo Regisvines and Pyro Regisvines whereby meteorites summoned by the Traveler (Geo)'s Elemental Skill "Starfell Sword" may raise these monsters up.
Fixes an issue with Whopperflowers whereby their model may disappear under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue with Whopperflowers whereby if drawn in by Venti's Elemental Burst "Wind's Grand Ode" while tunneling, they cannot be attacked.
Fixes an issue whereby switching characters while an Abyss Mage is in its weakened state may forcibly end the battle.
Fixes an issue whereby Abyss Mages may appear on top of the target being defended.
Fixes an issue whereby monsters sometimes attack Butterflies and Fireflies.
Fixes an issue whereby if a Geovishap Hatchling dies while tunneling, the item drops cannot be gathered.
Fixes an issue whereby airborne monsters may take fall DMG in mid-air.
Fixes an issue whereby elemental reaction DMG is incorrect if a monster triggers an Overloaded, Superconduct, or Electro-Charged reaction at the moment of its death.
Fixes an issue with Fatui Electro Cicin Mages whereby their models appear incorrectly under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue whereby teleporting while engaged in combat with an Oceanid causes errors with the combat process.
Weapons
Corrects an issue whereby when Sacrificial Sword is obtained in the Wish system, the incorrect art is displayed.
Fixes an issue whereby teleporting when a character is equipped with Thrilling Tales of Dragon Slayers triggers the weapon's "Legacy" affix effect.
Fixes an issue whereby when Skyrider Sword is equipped, if an Elemental Burst is used during the duration of the weapon's Determination effect, the weapon's effect duration may not refresh.
Fixes an issue whereby when The Bell is equipped, the shield created by the weapon effect "Rebellious Guardian" does not increase the character's resistance to interruption.
Fixes an issue affecting Royal Greatsword, Royal Longsword, Royal Grimoire, and Royal Bow whereby when the character equipped with the weapon triggers the weapon effect "Focus," the effect is not removed in the expected manner in certain situations.
Characters
Fixes an issue with Venti whereby after charging the Elemental Skill "Skyward Sonnet" and rising into the air, opening the Take Photo feature and hiding the character may cause the character to continue rising indefinitely.
Improves descriptions for effects of Anemo characters' Combat Talents related to pulling in and sucking in enemies in some languages.
Fixes an issue with Barbara whereby after logging into the game, if Barbara is in the party but the player has not yet switched to her, the Lv. 1 Constellation "Gleeful Songs" may not take effect.
Fixes the issue of bow-wielding characters sometimes attacking in the wrong direction.
Fixes an issue with Diluc whereby after activating the Lv. 6 Constellation "Flaming Sword, Nemesis of Dark," errors may occur with Diluc's consecutive Normal Attacks when moving while alternating between the Elemental Skill "Searing Onslaught" and Diluc's Normal Attack.
Fixes an issue with Qiqi whereby the Healing Bonus of the Talent "Life-Prolonging Methods" can only be triggered by the Herald of Frost summoned using the Elemental Skill "Adeptus Art: Herald of Frost."
Fixes an issue with Qiqi whereby after activating the Lv. 6 Constellation "Rite of Resurrection," casting the Elemental Burst "Adeptus Art: Preserver of Fortune" in Co-Op Mode may revive fallen characters of a teammate who is not currently in the same domain or open world.
Fixes an issue affecting Amber, Venti, Kaeya, and Razor whereby their respective Passive Talents "Gliding Champion," "Windrider," "Hidden Strength," and "Wolvensprint" may encounter errors when the character is switched out of the Party.
Fixes an issue with Kaeya whereby after activating the Lv. 4 Constellation "Frozen Kiss," the Constellation's shield effect may not be triggered by some types of attacks.
Fixes an issue with Razor whereby if he sprints immediately after casting and hitting enemies with the Elemental Skill "Claw and Thunder," he may be unable to collect Electro Sigils or Elemental Particles.
Fixes an issue with the Traveler (Anemo) whereby after the Passive Talent "Second Wind" is triggered, the Passive Talent's effect will not continue if the player switches to another character.
Fixes an issue with Bennett whereby the Elemental Skill "Passion Overload" may be unable to hit targets in very close proximity.
Fixes an issue with Barbara, Qiqi, Noelle, and Bennett whereby healing Talents may not take effect on members of the party.
Fixes an issue with Barbara whereby after activating the Lv. 2 Constellation "Vitality Burst," the DMG Bonus it should provide may not function correctly when the Elemental Skill "Let the Show Begin♪" is cast multiple times.
Fixes an issue with Barbara whereby after using her Elemental Skill "Let the Show Begin♪" the health of some characters in the party may not be restored when Barbara lands a Normal Attack.
Fixes an issue with Xingqiu's Elemental Skill "Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen" and Elemental Burst "Guhua Sword: Raincutter" whereby some types of incoming attacks deal reduced DMG but do not shatter one of the Rain Swords.
Fixes an issue with Xingqiu's Elemental Skill "Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen" and Elemental Burst "Guhua Sword: Raincutter" whereby after either ability is cast and Rain Swords are present, switching characters may cause errors in DMG dealt by Electro-Charged reactions triggered by the Rain Swords.
Fixes an issue with Xingqiu's Elemental Skill "Guhua Sword: Fatal Rainscreen" whereby after the skill is cast and Rain Swords are present, switching characters at the moment when a Rain Sword breaks may cause Talent effects to function incorrectly.
Fixes an issue with Klee's Lv. 6 Constellation "Blazing Delight" whereby in Co-Op Mode, the effects may not work on other Klees in the Co-Op team.
Fixes an issue with Klee whereby after obtaining an Explosive Spark from the Talent "Pounding Surprise," the Explosive Spark may be incorrectly consumed if a Charged Attack is interrupted.
Fixes an issue with Klee whereby after falling and being revived while the Elemental Burst "Sparks 'n' Splash" is still active, the animations of "Sparks 'n' Splash" remain after the Elemental Burst finishes.
Fixes an issue with Keqing's Elemental Skill "Stellar Restoration" whereby after holding the skill and throwing the Lightning Stiletto, switching characters, then switching back to Keqing and using "Stellar Restoration" again, she may be unable to fly to the stiletto's location.
Fixes an issue with Noelle's Lv. 2 Constellation "Combat Maid" whereby the Stamina Consumption decrease granted for her Charged Attack may not correctly stack with other Stamina Consumption decreases, making the Stamina Consumption of Charged Attacks higher than intended.
Fixes an issue with Noelle whereby after casting the Elemental Burst "Sweeping Time," her Plunging Attack does not deal Geo DMG.
Fixes an issue with Sucrose whereby if the player quickly switches to another character after casting the Elemental Burst "Forbidden Creation - Isomer 75 / Type II" then switches back to Sucrose, her weapon model may not display correctly when attacking.
Fixes an issue with Beidou's Elemental Skill "Tidecaller" whereby the shield's DMG absorption may be incorrect.
Fixes an issue with Mona and Barbara whereby the special effects of their Charged Attacks may not appear correctly if interrupted by jumping or switching character.
Fixes an issue with Mona whereby after using her Elemental Burst "Stellaris Phantasm" on enemies, some types of DMG may not remove an Illusory Bubble.
Fixes an issue with Mona whereby using the Talent "Illusory Torrent" may incorrectly trigger the completion of a certain hidden achievement.
Fixes an issue with Chongyun whereby his Charged Attack can be cast continuously until Stamina is depleted.
Fixes an issue with Chongyun whereby when the Sacrificial Greatsword's effect "Composed" is triggered, casting the Elemental Skill "Spirit Blade: Chonghua's Layered Frost" twice in succession may cause errors with the skill's DMG on the second cast.
Fixes an issue with Ningguang's Charged Attack whereby there may be errors with her movements.
Fixes an issue with Ningguang whereby after activating the Lv. 6 Constellation "Grandeur Be the Seven Stars," using a Normal Attack and the Elemental Burst "Starshatter" may cause the number of Star Jades to be incorrect.
Fixes an issue whereby characters may be able to continue sprinting after Stamina is depleted by jumping.
Fixes an issue whereby characters can remain on the water's surface after the ice melts by performing consecutive attacks.
Fixes the issue of characters sometimes being unable to stand up after sitting down.
Fixes an issue whereby when switching characters while casting an Elemental Burst, the buffs are triggered even when the Elemental Burst was not successfully cast.
Fixes an issue of characters' weapon models disappearing under specific circumstances.
Fixes the issue of Plunging Attacks triggering continuously under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue with the Traveler (Geo) whereby when a monster is raised up by a Meteorite from the Elemental Skill "Starfell Sword," combat may forcibly end.
Fixes an issue where the Elemental Skill of some characters would have a O-second cooldown in certain situations.
Other
Fixes issues with three scenery models near the "Lupus Boreas, Dominator of Wolves" arena.
Fixes an issue on PlayStation®4 whereby it is not possible to scroll to view possible Domain rewards.
Fixes an issue with several scenes and characters whereby the camera moves inside the character model.
Fixes an issue whereby Frozen characters and monsters do not behave as expected under specific circumstances.
Fixes the issue of animals sometimes appearing in the wrong environments.
Fixes audio bugs affecting several monsters, scenes, and characters.
Fixes several controller recognition issues.
Fixes some display and translation issues affecting some languages.
Fixes an issue whereby DMG dealt to characters and monsters by Burning grass does not scale with the World Level.
Fixes an issue whereby chest hints take too long to disappear after opening the chest.
Fixes an issue with the Quest Menu whereby rewards are sometimes not displayed in full.
Fixes an issue with Golden Crab whereby the effect description on the Cooking screen does not match the actual effect.
Fixes an issue with controllers whereby holding the button in question does not rapidly increase the item quantity as it should.
Fixes an issue of Shatter DMG sometimes not triggering correctly.
Fixes an issue whereby red notification badges incorrectly appear by the Traveler (Geo)'s avatar in the Character List under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue of the game sometimes crashing after opening the Wish screen under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue whereby collecting Primogems from "Blessing of the Welkin Moon" sometimes does not trigger the Primogem collection animation under specific circumstances.
Fixes an issue on Mobile whereby the water on Mt. Aocang in Liyue does not freeze over properly.
Fixes an issue whereby if Electro-Charged is triggered by adding the elemental effects in a specific order, subsequent DMG dealt by Electro-Charged reactions may not function properly.
Fixes the issue of Elemental Resonance effect "Shattering Ice" and Kaeya's Constellation Lv. 1 "Excellent Blood" having no effect against Cryo Slimes.
Fixes an issue whereby when different types of Elemental Reaction DMG are dealt to a monster within a very short time, some Elemental Reaction DMG may not be applied correctly.
Fixes an issue with the Character Screen whereby switching characters while simultaneously opening the Dressing Room may crash the game.
Fixes an issue whereby when the max number of weapons is owned, the hint displayed when purchasing weapons in the Shop contains the wrong content.
Fixes an issue on the Mail screen whereby repeatedly pressing the Delete button may delete messages containing unclaimed attachments.
Fixes an issue whereby when starting a character trial challenge after consuming food, and then exiting the challenge while the food effect is still active, the effect's duration will not be as expected.
Fixes some incorrect descriptions of character/artifact effects. For details, see the post on the Genshin Impact website titled "Recent Fixes and Adjustments to In-Game Descriptions."